Anima Character Generator
-------------------------
This is a browser-based utility for generating characters for the Anima: Beyond
Fantasy role-playing game.  It doesn't require an internet connection or even a
local server; everything is done in JavaScript within the browser.  Character
data is saved and reloaded by copying and pasting it (using a JSON text
format).  It's currently complete enough to basically support characters who
can be defined mainly in terms of their DP usage and don't use many of the new
abilities from Dominus Exxet, etc.  Better support for ki, magic, and psychic
abilities is gradually being implemented.

Background
----------
I'm currently running an Anima game, and while the players and I really like
the system, character generation is rather time-consuming; there are a lot of
options to consider and calculations to make, and there aren't any official
electronic aids beyond a printable character sheet.  Some players of the game
have helped remedy this by creating editable PDF versions of the character
sheet, but these still require you to do a lot of calculations by hand and
require a full sheet of paper for each character; this is cumbersome when the
party encounters a mixed group of opponents, and I really just want an
overview of their main statistics.

Other players have created Excel spreadsheets for generating Anima characters,
which mostly solve the problem of needing to do manual calculations, but I find
myself skipping all over the sheet to fill in the blanks, having trouble
remembering what's left to fill out, and getting distracted by the display of
intermediate calculations.  Also, there are some rules in the game which are
rather ambiguous, and the spreadsheet authors have sometimes chosen a
different way of interpreting them than I have (which affects the
calculations).  And then there's the problem of needing a spreadsheet window
for each opponent.  These tools can be quite useful for players to keep track
of their characters, but are only a modest improvement over the editable PDF
forms for a GM with many characters to run.

Since I and several of my players are web application developers, we decided to
write our own utility to deal with this.  It interprets the rules as I run
them (although it may eventually have options to use alternate rule
interpretations).  It separates the raw data that needs to be input from the
display of the resulting character statistics.  It has a summary display that
shows just the information I usually need in order to run a monster or NPC
effectively.  And it will be capable of showing the summaries for several
characters at a time, and easily editing any of them.

Status
------
The basic data format and many of the core calculations have been implemented.
Most of the things that DP can be spent on are supported, although weapon/style
modules and Ars Magnus aren't implemented yet.  The visual design of the page
is still pretty basic, as I've been focused on functionality.  It's currently
useful for starting almost any character, and can fully represent characters
with only basic martial abilities.  The code has been uploaded to Github in
order to make it easier for the players in my game to contribute to its
development, and for any other interested individuals to play around with.
